Fix minor stylistic issues in extract mode document (#607)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/experiments/extract-mode.md

Without extract mode, writing rules to validate template, Markdown or configuration files which contain code in another language can be burdensome and require significant rule duplication.

> Let's take the following Bash rule as an example (a simplified version of [`curl-eval` rule](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-rules/blob/release/bash/curl/security/curl-eval.yaml)):

Reviewer: The general form of " rule" as a way to refer to a specific rule feels very awkward to me. Do we have a standard convention here? If we'd like to avoid possessive determiners, how about "curl-eval, from the Semgrep Registry"?

Author: That sounds good, what about: "`curl-eval` rule from the Semgrep Registry!"?

```suggestion
Let's take the following Bash rule as an example (a simplified version of [`curl-eval`](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-rules/blob/release/bash/curl/security/curl-eval.yaml) rule from the Semgrep Registry):
```

Author: I am not sure if we had any convention here before, but I really like your second suggestion.

```suggestion
Let's take the following Bash rule as an example (a simplified version of the [`curl-eval`](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-rules/blob/release/bash/curl/security/curl-eval.yaml) rule form the Semgrep Registry):
```

      - pattern: eval ...
```

Usually, Semgrep uses this rule only against Bash files. However, a project might contain Dockerfiles or Python scripts that invoke Bash commands&mdash;without an extract mode rule, Semgrep does **not** run any Bash rules against commands contained in files of different languages.

> However, with extract mode we can provide Semgrep with instructions on how to extract any Bash commands we might be using in a Docker `RUN` instruction or as an argument to Python's `os.system` standard library function.

Author: @kopecs just suggesting a little simplification again, to avoid the use of `we`.

```suggestion
However, with extract mode, Semgrep can obtain instructions on how to extract any Bash commands used in a Docker `RUN` instruction or as an argument to Python's `os.system` standard library function.
```

Reviewer: My concern with the proposed phrasing would be that it implies that Semgrep would somehow automatically obtain these instructions, instead of them being provided explicitly by the user or in a rulepack. What about:

"However, with extract mode, you can provide Semgrep with instructions on how to extract any Bash commands used in a Docker `RUN` instruction or as an argument to Python's `os.system` standard library function."

Author: I agree!

```suggestion
However, with extract mode, you can provide Semgrep with instructions on how to extract any Bash commands used in a Docker `RUN` instruction or as an argument to Python's `os.system` standard library function.
```

    print("Success")
```

> Likewise, if a query included Dockerfile with an equivalent Bash command, Semgrep reports the contained Bash as matching against the `curl-eval` rule. See the following Dockerfile example that contains a Bash command:

Reviewer: Most of this looks good, but I believe it should still be "a Dockerfile". To the best of my knowledge, Docker doesn't call the "language" Dockerfiles are written in anything specific, and just refers to it as a text format, so I believe this ought to refer to a specific file. See, e.g., the usage https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/.

Author: Good to know, thanks! Changing to "a Dockerfile".

> Likewise, if a query included Dockerfile with an equivalent Bash command, Semgrep reports the contained Bash as matching against the `curl-eval` rule. See the following Dockerfile example that contains a Bash command:

Author: ```suggestion
Likewise, if a query included a Dockerfile with an equivalent Bash command, Semgrep reports the contained Bash as matching against the `curl-eval` rule. See the following Dockerfile example that contains a Bash command:
```

### `extract`

> The `extract` key is required when in extract mode. The value must be a metavariable appearing in your pattern(s), and Semgrep extracts the value bound to that metavariable.

Reviewer: > Use active voice - is extracted - Semgrep extracts - what do we mean by extracting it actually? Detected maybe?

I wasn't sure how much to talk about the actual mechanics of what we do for a page like this, but the "extraction" essentially comprises the process of reading the text bound to the metavariable from the original file, writing it to a temporary file, and then running rules for the destination language against that file.

It is unclear to me if that description is more or less helpful than the admittedly nebulous "extracts".

The suggestion you have seems good to me wrt your other points.

Author: Interesting mechanics @kopecs! Surely, I would avoid explaining it to external users as it is not needed for the use of it. So is the following suggestion good enough?

```suggestion
The `extract` key is required when in extract mode. The value must be a metavariable appearing in your pattern(s), and Semgrep detects the value bound to that metavariable.
```

Reviewer: I would be concerned that "detects" is less clear. I think we could just be more explicit, without going into the level of detail again. Perhaps something like:

The `extract` key is required when in extract mode. The value must be a metavariable appearing in your pattern(s). The code bound to the metavariable is used for subsequent queries of non-extract mode rules targeting `dest-language`.

Author: I agree! Only avoid passive sentence to express the agent, so I would suggest:

```suggestion
The `extract` key is required when in extract mode. The value must be a metavariable appearing in your pattern(s). Semgrep uses the code bound to the metavariable for subsequent queries of non-extract mode rules targeting `dest-language`.
```
